Fix causal and openmp examples asan fails (#6708)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-systems/examples/openmp/target/CMakeLists.txt

target_link_options(openmp-target PUBLIC -fopenmp)
add_offload_flags(openmp-target)

# GPU offload arches without xnack+ cannot support device-side AddressSanitizer:
# the device ASan runtime only exists for xnack+ targets (e.g. gfx942/gfx950).
# When building under a sanitizer, the OpenMP target offload device image would
# otherwise be instrumented and fail to link with undefined __asan_* device
# symbols. Disable device-side sanitizer instrumentation with -fno-gpu-sanitize
# on non-xnack+ arches so the example still builds (host-side sanitizer only).
string(FIND "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS}" "-fsanitize" _omp_target_sanitizer_pos)
if(_omp_target_sanitizer_pos GREATER -1)
    set(_omp_target_device_sanitizer OFF)
    foreach(arch IN LISTS ROCPROFSYS_GFX_TARGETS)

>         if(arch MATCHES "xnack\\+")

Reviewer: If you want to know if a card supports xnack, prefer:
```
foreach(arch IN LISTS ROCPROFSYS_GFX_TARGETS)
    rocprofiler_systems_lookup_gfx(${arch} GPU_CATEGORIES)
    if(NOT "instinct" IN_LIST GPU_CATEGORIES)
        continue() # No xnack
    endif()
    # xnack (either + or -)
```
Identical to https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-systems/blob/develop/projects/rocprofiler-systems/examples/hpc/jacobi-fortran-usm/CMakeLists.txt#L23

`xnack+` means that it is on by default and `xnack-` means that it is off by default, BUT if `HSA_XNACK=1`, it turns into `xnack+`. I recommend you switch this check to a generic `xnack` check.

Author: @kcossett-amd can you check latest commit? If you agree, please resolve comments.

>             set(_omp_target_device_sanitizer ON)

Reviewer: This is dead code and not how you use `ROCPROFSYS_GFX_TARGETS`. It encodes `gfx` targets, such as `gfx1100`, etc... It should never contain anything other than that.

target_link_options(openmp-target PUBLIC -fopenmp)
add_offload_flags(openmp-target)

# Only instinct GPUs (e.g. gfx90a/gfx942/gfx950) are xnack-capable and ship a
# device-side AddressSanitizer runtime. ROCPROFSYS_GFX_TARGETS holds bare gfx
# IDs, so classify each via rocprofiler_systems_lookup_gfx rather than parsing
# an xnack suffix. When building under a sanitizer on non-instinct arches, the
# OpenMP target offload device image would otherwise be instrumented and fail
# to link with undefined __asan_* device symbols, so disable device-side

> # instrumentation with -fno-gpu-sanitize (host-side sanitizer only).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Only instinct GPUs are xnack-capable and ship a device-side AddressSanitizer runtime.
# When building under a sanitizer on non-instinct arches, the OpenMP target offload
# device image would otherwise be instrumented and fail to link with undefined
# __asan_* device symbols, so we disable device-side instrumentation with
# -fno-gpu-sanitize
```

> # device image would otherwise be instrumented and fail to link with undefined
> # __asan_* device symbols, so we disable device-side instrumentation with
> # -fno-gpu-sanitize. Note: rocprofiler_systems_lookup_gfx defaults unknown arches to
> # 'instinct', so device instrumentation is only disabled when every target is
> # known-non-instinct (fail-safe).
> string(FIND "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS}" "-fsanitize" _omp_target_sanitizer_pos)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# known-non-instinct (fail-safe).

# NOTE: only inspects CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS. Sanitizers added via add_compile_options,
# CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_<CONFIG>, or a toolchain file will not be detected; pass
# -fsanitize=... in CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS when building this example under a sanitizer.
string(FIND "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS}" "-fsanitize" _omp_target_sanitizer_pos)
```
Just adding a small comment.
